GL_EXT_control_flow_attributes2 (#221)
KhronosGroup/GLSL: extensions/ext/GL_EXT_control_flow_attributes2.txt

    sense are allowed, but result in only an unknown subset getting applied.

Modifications to the OpenGL Shading Language Specification, Version 4.60

    Including the following line in a shader will control the language
    features described in this extension:

      #extension GL_EXT_control_flow_attributes2 : <behavior>

    Where <behavior> is as specified in section 3.3.

    This new definition is added to the OpenGL Shading Language:

      #define GL_EXT_control_flow_attributes2 1

Add the following control-flow attributes to the table in Section 6.5 Control-Flow Attributes

       Attribute              | Relevant on | Intent
      ------------------------+-------------+------------------------------------
      *min_iterations(I)*     |    Loop     | the loop executes at least a given number of iterations
      *max_iterations(I)*     |    Loop     | the loop executes at most a given number of iterations
      *iteration_multiple(M)* |    Loop     | the loop executes a multiple of a given number of iterations
      *peel_count(C)*         |    Loop     | the loop be peeled by a given number of loop iterations

>       *partial_count(C)*      |    Loop     | the loop be partially unrolled by a given number of loop iterations

Reviewer: "the loop *should* be ..."?

Author: done

Add the following before "The *unroll*, *dont_unroll*, *flatten*, and *dont_flatten* attributes are"

    /I/ in *min_iterations(I)*/*max_iterations(I)*, /M/ in *iteration_multiple(M)*,
    and /C/ in *peel_count(C)*/*partial_count(C)* must be a 32-bit positive signed

>     or unsigned non-specialization compile-time constant integral expression, or a

Reviewer: I find this part slightly confusing. I assume from the following condition on M that this allows 0 for these values, but I would say that 0 is not a positive value. Could we clarify this, either by saying "non-negative" in place of "positive" or else by saying that it must be "greater than or equal to 0" instead?

Author: I think M must be > 0. So, I dropped the sentence "In addition, ...". 
Do you think it is OK?

Reviewer: So we're now saying that `I`, `M` and `C` must all be > 0? It is at least possible to have min_interations of 0, although there's not much point in adding a hint for that. I'm not too clear on whether a peel_count or partial_count of 0 makes sense as a hint.

Although I think it's well defined that "positive" mean "> 0", a quick survey of the people sitting near me suggests that using it this way is not too clear. If "> 0" is correct then I'm OK to merge this, but I think that maybe:
 saying:
```suggestion
    and /C/ in *peel_count(C)*/*partial_count(C)* must be a 32-bit signed
    or unsigned non-specialization compile-time constant integral expression greater than 0, or a
```
would be clearer.

Author: Thank you so much !!!
That reads much clearer. I updated the extension spec.

    compile-time error results.

    In addition, /M/ in *iteration_multiple(M)* must be greater than 0.

Issues

>     1. 

Reviewer: If there are no issues then we can drop this section altogether.

Author: done
